Template for DTR Memo
Project:

Group Member Names:

Goals and Expectations for the Project (What does each group member hope to get out of this project? What do we want to achieve as a team? How will we know that we're successful?):

  Blake:  Interested in learning how to make database queries.

  Zach:  Learn active record commands and how to use them fluently.


Team strengths & collaboration styles (consider discussing your Pairin qualities here):

  Blake can bring his analytical mind to make sure that we are on the right track with the project.  He shoots from the hip as a communicator and will make sure we are centered from a productivity perspective.

  Zach sometimes has good ideas and creativity and ability to design.  He will listen to Blake.

Schedule Expectations (When are we available to work together and individually? What constraints do we have?):

  See calendar



Communication Expectations (How and often will we communicate? How do we keep lines of communication open? How will we make decisions as a team?):

  Communication in person for serious things. (over video chat is fine)

  We'll keep each other informed on any problems that may arise to make sure that there aren't any problems that build up.

Workload Expectations (What features do we each want to work on?):

  Wait on this..

Workflow Expectations (Git workflow/Tools/Code Review/Reviewing Pull Requests/Debugging and Problem-solving Techniques):

  1) Added security to Git workflow to make sure that we are requiring a review.
  2) We have set up the process to review each pull request.
  3) We will never work on the same branch as our partner and we will have distinct responsibities hopefully.
  4) Waffle will be automated hopefully through commit and pull git automation.  If not we will manually change Waffle.

Expectations for giving and receiving feedback:

By Friday, we'll have the 4 L's discussion.  Liked, Learned, Lacked, Longed For

Review on March 22nd

Project management tools we will use:

Github
Waffle
Slack


Day 1 Agenda:

We'll look over the project and take it one day at a time.

Additional Notes:
